docs: generated JSON schema reference, tidy up README and contrib docs (#327)
finos/git-proxy: README.md

Git Proxy is built with a developer-first mindset. By presenting simple-to-follow remediation instructions in the CLI/Terminal, it minimises the friction of use and adoption, and keeps developers focused on what matters; committing and pushing code.

## Getting Started 🚀

Install & run git-proxy (requires [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)):

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy
```

Clone a repository, set the remote to the Git Proxy URL and push your changes:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/octocat/Hello-World.git && cd Hello-World
# The below command is using the GitHub official CLI to fork the repo that is cloned.
# You can also fork on the GitHub UI. For usage details on the CLI, see https://github.com/cli/cli
$ gh repo fork
✓ Created fork yourGithubUser/Hello-World
...
$ git remote add proxy http://localhost:8000/yourGithubUser/Hello-World.git
$ git push proxy master
```

> Using the default configuration, Git Proxy intercepts the push and _blocks_ it. To enable code pushing to your fork via Git Proxy, add your repository URL into the Git Proxy config file (`proxy.config.json`). For more information, refer to [Documentation](#Documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the default configuration, Git Proxy intercepts the push and _blocks_ it. To enable code pushing to your fork via Git Proxy, add your repository URL into the Git Proxy config file (`proxy.config.json`). For more information, refer to [Documentation](##Documentation).
```

Git Proxy is built with a developer-first mindset. By presenting simple-to-follow remediation instructions in the CLI/Terminal, it minimises the friction of use and adoption, and keeps developers focused on what matters; committing and pushing code.

## Getting Started 🚀

Install & run git-proxy (requires [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)):

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy
```

Clone a repository, set the remote to the Git Proxy URL and push your changes:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/octocat/Hello-World.git && cd Hello-World
# The below command is using the GitHub official CLI to fork the repo that is cloned.
# You can also fork on the GitHub UI. For usage details on the CLI, see https://github.com/cli/cli
$ gh repo fork
✓ Created fork yourGithubUser/Hello-World
...
$ git remote add proxy http://localhost:8000/yourGithubUser/Hello-World.git
$ git push proxy master
```

> Using the default configuration, Git Proxy intercepts the push and _blocks_ it because the forked repository 
> is not listed in the `authorisedList` of repos allowed through the proxy. To allow pushes to your fork, you must configure Git Proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the default configuration, Git Proxy intercepts the push and _blocks_ it. To enable code pushing to your fork via Git Proxy, add your repository URL into the Git Proxy config file (`proxy.config.json`). For more information, refer to [Documentation](#Documentation).
```

Git Proxy is built with a developer-first mindset. By presenting simple-to-follow remediation instructions in the CLI/Terminal, it minimises the friction of use and adoption, and keeps developers focused on what matters; committing and pushing code.

## Getting Started 🚀

Install & run git-proxy (requires [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)):

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy
```

Clone a repository, set the remote to the Git Proxy URL and push your changes:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/octocat/Hello-World.git && cd Hello-World
# The below command is using the GitHub official CLI to fork the repo that is cloned.
# You can also fork on the GitHub UI. For usage details on the CLI, see https://github.com/cli/cli
# You must fork the repo into our own account to demonstrate pushing through Git Proxy since it
# is necessary to have write access on the repo for git-proxy to function. If you do not have push

> # access, you will receive a 403 error.

Reviewer: Can we condense this for readability?

Git Proxy is built with a developer-first mindset. By presenting simple-to-follow remediation instructions in the CLI/Terminal, it minimises the friction of use and adoption, and keeps developers focused on what matters; committing and pushing code.

## Getting Started 🚀

Install & run git-proxy (requires [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)):

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy
Need to install the following packages:
  @finos/git-proxy@1.1.0
Ok to proceed? (y) 
...
creating user
        user=admin,
        gitAccount=none
        email=admin@place.com,
        admin=true
Service Listening on 8080
Listening on 8000
```

Clone a repository, set the remote to the Git Proxy URL and push your changes:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/octocat/Hello-World.git && cd Hello-World

> $ gh repo fork

Reviewer: @coopernetes - okay assuming that folks will know what this is?

Author: Trying my best here to give a shortest possible introduction to git-proxy. Most of the minutiae is captured in the doc site's quick start guide so didn't want to reinvent here and would rather direct users to that guide which is more end-to-end and comprehensive. Alternatively, we can have just `Install & run git-proxy` section above and omit the push example. Something like:

````markdown
## Getting Started
Install & run git-proxy:

```bash
$ npx -- @finos/git-proxy
Need to install the following packages:
  @finos/git-proxy@1.1.0
Ok to proceed? (y) 
...
creating user
        user=admin,
        gitAccount=none
        email=admin@place.com,
        admin=true
Service Listening on 8080
Listening on 8000
```
You can now push commits directly through the proxy server and start implementing your own organization's controls. For a more comprehensive demo, please see the [Quick start guide](https://git-proxy.finos.org/docs/category/quickstart) on the project's documentation.
````

Reviewer: @coopernetes - I like the length and simplicity of your introduction, we should keep this. I'm more referring to the use of the `gh` CLI in the steps?

Author: Good point. I will leave a small bash-style comment.

✓ Created fork yourGithubUser/Hello-World
...
$ git remote set-url origin http://localhost:8000/yourGithubUser/Hello-World.git
$ git push
Enumerating objects: 4, done.
Counting objects: 100% (4/4), done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (2/2), done.
Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 946 bytes | 946.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 3 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0

> remote: ERR     Rejecting repo yourGithubUser/Hello-World.git not in the authorisedList

Reviewer: Does it make sense to show a failed attempt in the `README.md` instead of an intercepted one?

Author: See https://github.com/finos/git-proxy/pull/327#discussion_r1375265790 - I'm happy to remove this completely since the user journey is captured in the quick start guide.

Reviewer: @coopernetes - just scrolled down to this comment. I'd agree, let's just show running Git Proxy and point the developer to the docs 👍

Author: Did you want me to remove the failing push output from the README? I already included a note describing that you should expect a push to fail without modifying the default configuration, which I believe is important to state right up front. A more complete, end-to-end example is in documentation and makes sense to direct new users there.

Reviewer: Should we just remove it entirely, as you suggested earlier and use more of the estate to point the viewer to the documentation site instead? @coopernetes
